app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forumgroup/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forumgroup/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forumgroup/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forumgroup/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forumgroup/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forumgroup/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forumgroup/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forumgroup/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forumgroup/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forumgroup/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forumgroup/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forumgroup/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forumgroup/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forumgroup/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forumgroup/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forumgroup/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forumgroup/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forumgroup/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forumgroup/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forumgroup/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forumgroup/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forumgroup/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forumgroup/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forumgroup/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forumgroup/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forumgroup/delete
app\forum\index\Forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\Forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\Forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\Forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\ForumGroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\ForumGroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\ForumGroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\ForumGroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\Forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\Forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\Forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\Forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\ForumGroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\ForumGroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\ForumGroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\ForumGroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
app\index\index\ad@index  /ad/index
app\index\index\ad@add  /ad/add
app\index\index\ad@save  /ad/save
app\index\index\ad@status  /ad/status
app\index\index\ad@recommend  /ad/recommend
app\index\index\ad@delete  /ad/delete
app\index\index\adtags@index  /ad_tags/index
app\index\index\adtags@add  /ad_tags/add
app\index\index\adtags@save  /ad_tags/save
app\index\index\adtags@status  /ad_tags/status
app\index\index\adtags@recommend  /ad_tags/recommend
app\index\index\adtags@delete  /ad_tags/delete
app\index\index\admin@index  /admin/index
app\index\index\admin@add  /admin/add
app\index\index\admin@save  /admin/save
app\index\index\admin@status  /admin/status
app\index\index\admin@recommend  /admin/recommend
app\index\index\admin@delete  /admin/delete
app\index\index\admingroup@index  /admin_group/index
app\index\index\admingroup@add  /admin_group/add
app\index\index\admingroup@save  /admin_group/save
app\index\index\admingroup@status  /admin_group/status
app\index\index\admingroup@recommend  /admin_group/recommend
app\index\index\admingroup@delete  /admin_group/delete
app\index\index\apppush@index  /apppush/index
app\index\index\apppush@add  /apppush/add
app\index\index\apppush@save  /apppush/save
app\index\index\apppush@status  /apppush/status
app\index\index\apppush@recommend  /apppush/recommend
app\index\index\apppush@delete  /apppush/delete
app\index\index\apppushplan@index  /apppush_plan/index
app\index\index\apppushplan@add  /apppush_plan/add
app\index\index\apppushplan@save  /apppush_plan/save
app\index\index\apppushplan@status  /apppush_plan/status
app\index\index\apppushplan@recommend  /apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\index\apppushplan@delete  /apppush_plan/delete
app\index\index\article@index  /article/index
app\index\index\article@add  /article/add
app\index\index\article@save  /article/save
app\index\index\article@status  /article/status
app\index\index\article@recommend  /article/recommend
app\index\index\article@delete  /article/delete
app\index\index\articlecomment@index  /article_comment/index
app\index\index\articlecomment@add  /article_comment/add
app\index\index\articlecomment@save  /article_comment/save
app\index\index\articlecomment@status  /article_comment/status
app\index\index\articlecomment@recommend  /article_comment/recommend
app\index\index\articlecomment@delete  /article_comment/delete
app\index\index\articledata@index  /article_data/index
app\index\index\articledata@add  /article_data/add
app\index\index\articledata@save  /article_data/save
app\index\index\articledata@status  /article_data/status
app\index\index\articledata@recommend  /article_data/recommend
app\index\index\articledata@delete  /article_data/delete
app\index\index\attach@index  /attach/index
app\index\index\attach@add  /attach/add
app\index\index\attach@save  /attach/save
app\index\index\attach@status  /attach/status
app\index\index\attach@recommend  /attach/recommend
app\index\index\attach@delete  /attach/delete
app\index\index\badip@index  /badip/index
app\index\index\badip@add  /badip/add
app\index\index\badip@save  /badip/save
app\index\index\badip@status  /badip/status
app\index\index\badip@recommend  /badip/recommend
app\index\index\badip@delete  /badip/delete
app\index\index\badphone@index  /badphone/index
app\index\index\badphone@add  /badphone/add
app\index\index\badphone@save  /badphone/save
app\index\index\badphone@status  /badphone/status
app\index\index\badphone@recommend  /badphone/recommend
app\index\index\badphone@delete  /badphone/delete
app\index\index\bankcard@index  /bankcard/index
app\index\index\bankcard@add  /bankcard/add
app\index\index\bankcard@save  /bankcard/save
app\index\index\bankcard@status  /bankcard/status
app\index\index\bankcard@recommend  /bankcard/recommend
app\index\index\bankcard@delete  /bankcard/delete
app\index\index\blacklist@index  /blacklist/index
app\index\index\blacklist@add  /blacklist/add
app\index\index\blacklist@save  /blacklist/save
app\index\index\blacklist@status  /blacklist/status
app\index\index\blacklist@recommend  /blacklist/recommend
app\index\index\blacklist@delete  /blacklist/delete
app\index\index\blacklistpost@index  /blacklist_post/index
app\index\index\blacklistpost@add  /blacklist_post/add
app\index\index\blacklistpost@save  /blacklist_post/save
app\index\index\blacklistpost@status  /blacklist_post/status
app\index\index\blacklistpost@recommend  /blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\index\blacklistpost@delete  /blacklist_post/delete
app\index\index\category@index  /category/index
app\index\index\category@add  /category/add
app\index\index\category@save  /category/save
app\index\index\category@status  /category/status
app\index\index\category@recommend  /category/recommend
app\index\index\category@delete  /category/delete
app\index\index\checkin@index  /checkin/index
app\index\index\checkin@add  /checkin/add
app\index\index\checkin@save  /checkin/save
app\index\index\checkin@status  /checkin/status
app\index\index\checkin@recommend  /checkin/recommend
app\index\index\checkin@delete  /checkin/delete
app\index\index\checkinindex@index  /checkin_index/index
app\index\index\checkinindex@add  /checkin_index/add
app\index\index\checkinindex@save  /checkin_index/save
app\index\index\checkinindex@status  /checkin_index/status
app\index\index\checkinindex@recommend  /checkin_index/recommend
app\index\index\checkinindex@delete  /checkin_index/delete
app\index\index\city@index  /city/index
app\index\index\city@add  /city/add
app\index\index\city@save  /city/save
app\index\index\city@status  /city/status
app\index\index\city@recommend  /city/recommend
app\index\index\city@delete  /city/delete
app\index\index\config@index  /config/index
app\index\index\config@add  /config/add
app\index\index\config@save  /config/save
app\index\index\config@status  /config/status
app\index\index\config@recommend  /config/recommend
app\index\index\config@delete  /config/delete
app\index\index\coupon@index  /coupon/index
app\index\index\coupon@add  /coupon/add
app\index\index\coupon@save  /coupon/save
app\index\index\coupon@status  /coupon/status
app\index\index\coupon@recommend  /coupon/recommend
app\index\index\coupon@delete  /coupon/delete
app\index\index\couponuser@index  /coupon_user/index
app\index\index\couponuser@add  /coupon_user/add
app\index\index\couponuser@save  /coupon_user/save
app\index\index\couponuser@status  /coupon_user/status
app\index\index\couponuser@recommend  /coupon_user/recommend
app\index\index\couponuser@delete  /coupon_user/delete
app\index\index\crontab@index  /crontab/index
app\index\index\crontab@add  /crontab/add
app\index\index\crontab@save  /crontab/save
app\index\index\crontab@status  /crontab/status
app\index\index\crontab@recommend  /crontab/recommend
app\index\index\crontab@delete  /crontab/delete
app\index\index\dataapi@index  /dataapi/index
app\index\index\dataapi@add  /dataapi/add
app\index\index\dataapi@save  /dataapi/save
app\index\index\dataapi@status  /dataapi/status
app\index\index\dataapi@recommend  /dataapi/recommend
app\index\index\dataapi@delete  /dataapi/delete
app\index\index\daysn@index  /daysn/index
app\index\index\daysn@add  /daysn/add
app\index\index\daysn@save  /daysn/save
app\index\index\daysn@status  /daysn/status
app\index\index\daysn@recommend  /daysn/recommend
app\index\index\daysn@delete  /daysn/delete
app\index\index\dbcache@index  /dbcache/index
app\index\index\dbcache@add  /dbcache/add
app\index\index\dbcache@save  /dbcache/save
app\index\index\dbcache@status  /dbcache/status
app\index\index\dbcache@recommend  /dbcache/recommend
app\index\index\dbcache@delete  /dbcache/delete
app\index\index\dbsession@index  /dbsession/index
app\index\index\dbsession@add  /dbsession/add
app\index\index\dbsession@save  /dbsession/save
app\index\index\dbsession@status  /dbsession/status
app\index\index\dbsession@recommend  /dbsession/recommend
app\index\index\dbsession@delete  /dbsession/delete
app\index\index\district@index  /district/index
app\index\index\district@add  /district/add
app\index\index\district@save  /district/save
app\index\index\district@status  /district/status
app\index\index\district@recommend  /district/recommend
app\index\index\district@delete  /district/delete
app\index\index\expressfee@index  /express_fee/index
app\index\index\expressfee@add  /express_fee/add
app\index\index\expressfee@save  /express_fee/save
app\index\index\expressfee@status  /express_fee/status
app\index\index\expressfee@recommend  /express_fee/recommend
app\index\index\expressfee@delete  /express_fee/delete
app\index\index\expressfeecity@index  /express_fee_city/index
app\index\index\expressfeecity@add  /express_fee_city/add
app\index\index\expressfeecity@save  /express_fee_city/save
app\index\index\expressfeecity@status  /express_fee_city/status
app\index\index\expressfeecity@recommend  /express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\index\expressfeecity@delete  /express_fee_city/delete
app\index\index\fav@index  /fav/index
app\index\index\fav@add  /fav/add
app\index\index\fav@save  /fav/save
app\index\index\fav@status  /fav/status
app\index\index\fav@recommend  /fav/recommend
app\index\index\fav@delete  /fav/delete
app\index\index\follow@index  /follow/index
app\index\index\follow@add  /follow/add
app\index\index\follow@save  /follow/save
app\index\index\follow@status  /follow/status
app\index\index\follow@recommend  /follow/recommend
app\index\index\follow@delete  /follow/delete
app\index\index\followed@index  /followed/index
app\index\index\followed@add  /followed/add
app\index\index\followed@save  /followed/save
app\index\index\followed@status  /followed/status
app\index\index\followed@recommend  /followed/recommend
app\index\index\followed@delete  /followed/delete
app\index\index\friend@index  /friend/index
app\index\index\friend@add  /friend/add
app\index\index\friend@save  /friend/save
app\index\index\friend@status  /friend/status
app\index\index\friend@recommend  /friend/recommend
app\index\index\friend@delete  /friend/delete
app\index\index\friendapply@index  /friend_apply/index
app\index\index\friendapply@add  /friend_apply/add
app\index\index\friendapply@save  /friend_apply/save
app\index\index\friendapply@status  /friend_apply/status
app\index\index\friendapply@recommend  /friend_apply/recommend
app\index\index\friendapply@delete  /friend_apply/delete
app\index\index\goldlog@index  /gold_log/index
app\index\index\goldlog@add  /gold_log/add
app\index\index\goldlog@save  /gold_log/save
app\index\index\goldlog@status  /gold_log/status
app\index\index\goldlog@recommend  /gold_log/recommend
app\index\index\goldlog@delete  /gold_log/delete
app\index\index\gradelog@index  /grade_log/index
app\index\index\gradelog@add  /grade_log/add
app\index\index\gradelog@save  /grade_log/save
app\index\index\gradelog@status  /grade_log/status
app\index\index\gradelog@recommend  /grade_log/recommend
app\index\index\gradelog@delete  /grade_log/delete
app\index\index\guest@index  /guest/index
app\index\index\guest@add  /guest/add
app\index\index\guest@save  /guest/save
app\index\index\guest@status  /guest/status
app\index\index\guest@recommend  /guest/recommend
app\index\index\guest@delete  /guest/delete
app\index\index\imgs@index  /imgs/index
app\index\index\imgs@add  /imgs/add
app\index\index\imgs@save  /imgs/save
app\index\index\imgs@status  /imgs/status
app\index\index\imgs@recommend  /imgs/recommend
app\index\index\imgs@delete  /imgs/delete
app\index\index\invite@index  /invite/index
app\index\index\invite@add  /invite/add
app\index\index\invite@save  /invite/save
app\index\index\invite@status  /invite/status
app\index\index\invite@recommend  /invite/recommend
app\index\index\invite@delete  /invite/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccount@index  /invite_account/index
app\index\index\inviteaccount@add  /invite_account/add
app\index\index\inviteaccount@save  /invite_account/save
app\index\index\inviteaccount@status  /invite_account/status
app\index\index\inviteaccount@recommend  /invite_account/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccount@delete  /invite_account/delete
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@index  /invite_account_log/index
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@add  /invite_account_log/add
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@save  /invite_account_log/save
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@status  /invite_account_log/status
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\index\inviteaccountlog@delete  /invite_account_log/delete
app\index\index\kefumsg@index  /kefu_msg/index
app\index\index\kefumsg@add  /kefu_msg/add
app\index\index\kefumsg@save  /kefu_msg/save
app\index\index\kefumsg@status  /kefu_msg/status
app\index\index\kefumsg@recommend  /kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsg@delete  /kefu_msg/delete
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@index  /kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@add  /kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@save  /kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@status  /kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@recommend  /kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\index\kefumsgindex@delete  /kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\index\love@index  /love/index
app\index\index\love@add  /love/add
app\index\index\love@save  /love/save
app\index\index\love@status  /love/status
app\index\index\love@recommend  /love/recommend
app\index\index\love@delete  /love/delete
app\index\index\maxid@index  /maxid/index
app\index\index\maxid@add  /maxid/add
app\index\index\maxid@save  /maxid/save
app\index\index\maxid@status  /maxid/status
app\index\index\maxid@recommend  /maxid/recommend
app\index\index\maxid@delete  /maxid/delete
app\index\index\model@index  /model/index
app\index\index\model@add  /model/add
app\index\index\model@save  /model/save
app\index\index\model@status  /model/status
app\index\index\model@recommend  /model/recommend
app\index\index\model@delete  /model/delete
app\index\index\modelindex@index  /model_index/index
app\index\index\modelindex@add  /model_index/add
app\index\index\modelindex@save  /model_index/save
app\index\index\modelindex@status  /model_index/status
app\index\index\modelindex@recommend  /model_index/recommend
app\index\index\modelindex@delete  /model_index/delete
app\index\index\module@index  /module/index
app\index\index\module@add  /module/add
app\index\index\module@save  /module/save
app\index\index\module@status  /module/status
app\index\index\module@recommend  /module/recommend
app\index\index\module@delete  /module/delete
app\index\index\navbar@index  /navbar/index
app\index\index\navbar@add  /navbar/add
app\index\index\navbar@save  /navbar/save
app\index\index\navbar@status  /navbar/status
app\index\index\navbar@recommend  /navbar/recommend
app\index\index\navbar@delete  /navbar/delete
app\index\index\notice@index  /notice/index
app\index\index\notice@add  /notice/add
app\index\index\notice@save  /notice/save
app\index\index\notice@status  /notice/status
app\index\index\notice@recommend  /notice/recommend
app\index\index\notice@delete  /notice/delete
app\index\index\openalioss@index  /open_alioss/index
app\index\index\openalioss@add  /open_alioss/add
app\index\index\openalioss@save  /open_alioss/save
app\index\index\openalioss@status  /open_alioss/status
app\index\index\openalioss@recommend  /open_alioss/recommend
app\index\index\openalioss@delete  /open_alioss/delete
app\index\index\openalipay@index  /open_alipay/index
app\index\index\openalipay@add  /open_alipay/add
app\index\index\openalipay@save  /open_alipay/save
app\index\index\openalipay@status  /open_alipay/status
app\index\index\openalipay@recommend  /open_alipay/recommend
app\index\index\openalipay@delete  /open_alipay/delete
app\index\index\openalipayapp@index  /open_alipay_app/index
app\index\index\openalipayapp@add  /open_alipay_app/add
app\index\index\openalipayapp@save  /open_alipay_app/save
app\index\index\openalipayapp@status  /open_alipay_app/status
app\index\index\openalipayapp@recommend  /open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\index\openalipayapp@delete  /open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\index\openalipaymini@index  /open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\index\openalipaymini@add  /open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\index\openalipaymini@save  /open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\index\openalipaymini@status  /open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\index\openalipaymini@recommend  /open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\index\openalipaymini@delete  /open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\index\openbaidu@index  /open_baidu/index
app\index\index\openbaidu@add  /open_baidu/add
app\index\index\openbaidu@save  /open_baidu/save
app\index\index\openbaidu@status  /open_baidu/status
app\index\index\openbaidu@recommend  /open_baidu/recommend
app\index\index\openbaidu@delete  /open_baidu/delete
app\index\index\openqq@index  /open_qq/index
app\index\index\openqq@add  /open_qq/add
app\index\index\openqq@save  /open_qq/save
app\index\index\openqq@status  /open_qq/status
app\index\index\openqq@recommend  /open_qq/recommend
app\index\index\openqq@delete  /open_qq/delete
app\index\index\opentoutiao@index  /open_toutiao/index
app\index\index\opentoutiao@add  /open_toutiao/add
app\index\index\opentoutiao@save  /open_toutiao/save
app\index\index\opentoutiao@status  /open_toutiao/status
app\index\index\opentoutiao@recommend  /open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\index\opentoutiao@delete  /open_toutiao/delete
app\index\index\openwxapp@index  /open_wxapp/index
app\index\index\openwxapp@add  /open_wxapp/add
app\index\index\openwxapp@save  /open_wxapp/save
app\index\index\openwxapp@status  /open_wxapp/status
app\index\index\openwxapp@recommend  /open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\index\openwxapp@delete  /open_wxapp/delete
app\index\index\openwxnative@index  /open_wxnative/index
app\index\index\openwxnative@add  /open_wxnative/add
app\index\index\openwxnative@save  /open_wxnative/save
app\index\index\openwxnative@status  /open_wxnative/status
app\index\index\openwxnative@recommend  /open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\index\openwxnative@delete  /open_wxnative/delete
app\index\index\openlogin@index  /openlogin/index
app\index\index\openlogin@add  /openlogin/add
app\index\index\openlogin@save  /openlogin/save
app\index\index\openlogin@status  /openlogin/status
app\index\index\openlogin@recommend  /openlogin/recommend
app\index\index\openlogin@delete  /openlogin/delete
app\index\index\pagetpl@index  /pagetpl/index
app\index\index\pagetpl@add  /pagetpl/add
app\index\index\pagetpl@save  /pagetpl/save
app\index\index\pagetpl@status  /pagetpl/status
app\index\index\pagetpl@recommend  /pagetpl/recommend
app\index\index\pagetpl@delete  /pagetpl/delete
app\index\index\paylog@index  /pay_log/index
app\index\index\paylog@add  /pay_log/add
app\index\index\paylog@save  /pay_log/save
app\index\index\paylog@status  /pay_log/status
app\index\index\paylog@recommend  /pay_log/recommend
app\index\index\paylog@delete  /pay_log/delete
app\index\index\permission@index  /permission/index
app\index\index\permission@add  /permission/add
app\index\index\permission@save  /permission/save
app\index\index\permission@status  /permission/status
app\index\index\permission@recommend  /permission/recommend
app\index\index\permission@delete  /permission/delete
app\index\index\pm@index  /pm/index
app\index\index\pm@add  /pm/add
app\index\index\pm@save  /pm/save
app\index\index\pm@status  /pm/status
app\index\index\pm@recommend  /pm/recommend
app\index\index\pm@delete  /pm/delete
app\index\index\pmindex@index  /pm_index/index
app\index\index\pmindex@add  /pm_index/add
app\index\index\pmindex@save  /pm_index/save
app\index\index\pmindex@status  /pm_index/status
app\index\index\pmindex@recommend  /pm_index/recommend
app\index\index\pmindex@delete  /pm_index/delete
app\index\index\pv@index  /pv/index
app\index\index\pv@add  /pv/add
app\index\index\pv@save  /pv/save
app\index\index\pv@status  /pv/status
app\index\index\pv@recommend  /pv/recommend
app\index\index\pv@delete  /pv/delete
app\index\index\pvday@index  /pv_day/index
app\index\index\pvday@add  /pv_day/add
app\index\index\pvday@save  /pv_day/save
app\index\index\pvday@status  /pv_day/status
app\index\index\pvday@recommend  /pv_day/recommend
app\index\index\pvday@delete  /pv_day/delete
app\index\index\pvip@index  /pv_ip/index
app\index\index\pvip@add  /pv_ip/add
app\index\index\pvip@save  /pv_ip/save
app\index\index\pvip@status  /pv_ip/status
app\index\index\pvip@recommend  /pv_ip/recommend
app\index\index\pvip@delete  /pv_ip/delete
app\index\index\pvuv@index  /pv_uv/index
app\index\index\pvuv@add  /pv_uv/add
app\index\index\pvuv@save  /pv_uv/save
app\index\index\pvuv@status  /pv_uv/status
app\index\index\pvuv@recommend  /pv_uv/recommend
app\index\index\pvuv@delete  /pv_uv/delete
app\index\index\queue@index  /queue/index
app\index\index\queue@add  /queue/add
app\index\index\queue@save  /queue/save
app\index\index\queue@status  /queue/status
app\index\index\queue@recommend  /queue/recommend
app\index\index\queue@delete  /queue/delete
app\index\index\recharge@index  /recharge/index
app\index\index\recharge@add  /recharge/add
app\index\index\recharge@save  /recharge/save
app\index\index\recharge@status  /recharge/status
app\index\index\recharge@recommend  /recharge/recommend
app\index\index\recharge@delete  /recharge/delete
app\index\index\refund@index  /refund/index
app\index\index\refund@add  /refund/add
app\index\index\refund@save  /refund/save
app\index\index\refund@status  /refund/status
app\index\index\refund@recommend  /refund/recommend
app\index\index\refund@delete  /refund/delete
app\index\index\refundapply@index  /refund_apply/index
app\index\index\refundapply@add  /refund_apply/add
app\index\index\refundapply@save  /refund_apply/save
app\index\index\refundapply@status  /refund_apply/status
app\index\index\refundapply@recommend  /refund_apply/recommend
app\index\index\refundapply@delete  /refund_apply/delete
app\index\index\seo@index  /seo/index
app\index\index\seo@add  /seo/add
app\index\index\seo@save  /seo/save
app\index\index\seo@status  /seo/status
app\index\index\seo@recommend  /seo/recommend
app\index\index\seo@delete  /seo/delete
app\index\index\sgpay@index  /sgpay/index
app\index\index\sgpay@add  /sgpay/add
app\index\index\sgpay@save  /sgpay/save
app\index\index\sgpay@status  /sgpay/status
app\index\index\sgpay@recommend  /sgpay/recommend
app\index\index\sgpay@delete  /sgpay/delete
app\index\index\site@index  /site/index
app\index\index\site@add  /site/add
app\index\index\site@save  /site/save
app\index\index\site@status  /site/status
app\index\index\site@recommend  /site/recommend
app\index\index\site@delete  /site/delete
app\index\index\sitecity@index  /site_city/index
app\index\index\sitecity@add  /site_city/add
app\index\index\sitecity@save  /site_city/save
app\index\index\sitecity@status  /site_city/status
app\index\index\sitecity@recommend  /site_city/recommend
app\index\index\sitecity@delete  /site_city/delete
app\index\index\smslog@index  /sms_log/index
app\index\index\smslog@add  /sms_log/add
app\index\index\smslog@save  /sms_log/save
app\index\index\smslog@status  /sms_log/status
app\index\index\smslog@recommend  /sms_log/recommend
app\index\index\smslog@delete  /sms_log/delete
app\index\index\table@index  /table/index
app\index\index\table@add  /table/add
app\index\index\table@save  /table/save
app\index\index\table@status  /table/status
app\index\index\table@recommend  /table/recommend
app\index\index\table@delete  /table/delete
app\index\index\tabledata@index  /table_data/index
app\index\index\tabledata@add  /table_data/add
app\index\index\tabledata@save  /table_data/save
app\index\index\tabledata@status  /table_data/status
app\index\index\tabledata@recommend  /table_data/recommend
app\index\index\tabledata@delete  /table_data/delete
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@index  /table_data_comment/index
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@add  /table_data_comment/add
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@save  /table_data_comment/save
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@status  /table_data_comment/status
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@recommend  /table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\index\tabledatacomment@delete  /table_data_comment/delete
app\index\index\tablefields@index  /table_fields/index
app\index\index\tablefields@add  /table_fields/add
app\index\index\tablefields@save  /table_fields/save
app\index\index\tablefields@status  /table_fields/status
app\index\index\tablefields@recommend  /table_fields/recommend
app\index\index\tablefields@delete  /table_fields/delete
app\index\index\tixian@index  /tixian/index
app\index\index\tixian@add  /tixian/add
app\index\index\tixian@save  /tixian/save
app\index\index\tixian@status  /tixian/status
app\index\index\tixian@recommend  /tixian/recommend
app\index\index\tixian@delete  /tixian/delete
app\index\index\tixianlog@index  /tixian_log/index
app\index\index\tixianlog@add  /tixian_log/add
app\index\index\tixianlog@save  /tixian_log/save
app\index\index\tixianlog@status  /tixian_log/status
app\index\index\tixianlog@recommend  /tixian_log/recommend
app\index\index\tixianlog@delete  /tixian_log/delete
app\index\index\user@index  /user/index
app\index\index\user@add  /user/add
app\index\index\user@save  /user/save
app\index\index\user@status  /user/status
app\index\index\user@recommend  /user/recommend
app\index\index\user@delete  /user/delete
app\index\index\useraddress@index  /user_address/index
app\index\index\useraddress@add  /user_address/add
app\index\index\useraddress@save  /user_address/save
app\index\index\useraddress@status  /user_address/status
app\index\index\useraddress@recommend  /user_address/recommend
app\index\index\useraddress@delete  /user_address/delete
app\index\index\userauth@index  /user_auth/index
app\index\index\userauth@add  /user_auth/add
app\index\index\userauth@save  /user_auth/save
app\index\index\userauth@status  /user_auth/status
app\index\index\userauth@recommend  /user_auth/recommend
app\index\index\userauth@delete  /user_auth/delete
app\index\index\userauthnew@index  /user_auth_new/index
app\index\index\userauthnew@add  /user_auth_new/add
app\index\index\userauthnew@save  /user_auth_new/save
app\index\index\userauthnew@status  /user_auth_new/status
app\index\index\userauthnew@recommend  /user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\index\userauthnew@delete  /user_auth_new/delete
app\index\index\userblack@index  /user_black/index
app\index\index\userblack@add  /user_black/add
app\index\index\userblack@save  /user_black/save
app\index\index\userblack@status  /user_black/status
app\index\index\userblack@recommend  /user_black/recommend
app\index\index\userblack@delete  /user_black/delete
app\index\index\userexpand@index  /user_expand/index
app\index\index\userexpand@add  /user_expand/add
app\index\index\userexpand@save  /user_expand/save
app\index\index\userexpand@status  /user_expand/status
app\index\index\userexpand@recommend  /user_expand/recommend
app\index\index\userexpand@delete  /user_expand/delete
app\index\index\usergroup@index  /user_group/index
app\index\index\usergroup@add  /user_group/add
app\index\index\usergroup@save  /user_group/save
app\index\index\usergroup@status  /user_group/status
app\index\index\usergroup@recommend  /user_group/recommend
app\index\index\usergroup@delete  /user_group/delete
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@index  /user_group_people/index
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@add  /user_group_people/add
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@save  /user_group_people/save
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@status  /user_group_people/status
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@recommend  /user_group_people/recommend
app\index\index\usergrouppeople@delete  /user_group_people/delete
app\index\index\userinvitecode@index  /user_invitecode/index
app\index\index\userinvitecode@add  /user_invitecode/add
app\index\index\userinvitecode@save  /user_invitecode/save
app\index\index\userinvitecode@status  /user_invitecode/status
app\index\index\userinvitecode@recommend  /user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\index\userinvitecode@delete  /user_invitecode/delete
app\index\index\userlastaddr@index  /user_lastaddr/index
app\index\index\userlastaddr@add  /user_lastaddr/add
app\index\index\userlastaddr@save  /user_lastaddr/save
app\index\index\userlastaddr@status  /user_lastaddr/status
app\index\index\userlastaddr@recommend  /user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\index\userlastaddr@delete  /user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\index\userpassword@index  /user_password/index
app\index\index\userpassword@add  /user_password/add
app\index\index\userpassword@save  /user_password/save
app\index\index\userpassword@status  /user_password/status
app\index\index\userpassword@recommend  /user_password/recommend
app\index\index\userpassword@delete  /user_password/delete
app\index\index\userrank@index  /user_rank/index
app\index\index\userrank@add  /user_rank/add
app\index\index\userrank@save  /user_rank/save
app\index\index\userrank@status  /user_rank/status
app\index\index\userrank@recommend  /user_rank/recommend
app\index\index\userrank@delete  /user_rank/delete
app\index\index\uservip@index  /user_vip/index
app\index\index\uservip@add  /user_vip/add
app\index\index\uservip@save  /user_vip/save
app\index\index\uservip@status  /user_vip/status
app\index\index\uservip@recommend  /user_vip/recommend
app\index\index\uservip@delete  /user_vip/delete
app\index\index\weixin@index  /weixin/index
app\index\index\weixin@add  /weixin/add
app\index\index\weixin@save  /weixin/save
app\index\index\weixin@status  /weixin/status
app\index\index\weixin@recommend  /weixin/recommend
app\index\index\weixin@delete  /weixin/delete
app\index\index\weixincommand@index  /weixin_command/index
app\index\index\weixincommand@add  /weixin_command/add
app\index\index\weixincommand@save  /weixin_command/save
app\index\index\weixincommand@status  /weixin_command/status
app\index\index\weixincommand@recommend  /weixin_command/recommend
app\index\index\weixincommand@delete  /weixin_command/delete
app\index\index\weixinmenu@index  /weixin_menu/index
app\index\index\weixinmenu@add  /weixin_menu/add
app\index\index\weixinmenu@save  /weixin_menu/save
app\index\index\weixinmenu@status  /weixin_menu/status
app\index\index\weixinmenu@recommend  /weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\index\weixinmenu@delete  /weixin_menu/delete
app\index\index\weixinreply@index  /weixin_reply/index
app\index\index\weixinreply@add  /weixin_reply/add
app\index\index\weixinreply@save  /weixin_reply/save
app\index\index\weixinreply@status  /weixin_reply/status
app\index\index\weixinreply@recommend  /weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\index\weixinreply@delete  /weixin_reply/delete
app\index\index\weixinsucai@index  /weixin_sucai/index
app\index\index\weixinsucai@add  /weixin_sucai/add
app\index\index\weixinsucai@save  /weixin_sucai/save
app\index\index\weixinsucai@status  /weixin_sucai/status
app\index\index\weixinsucai@recommend  /weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\index\weixinsucai@delete  /weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\index\weixinuser@index  /weixin_user/index
app\index\index\weixinuser@add  /weixin_user/add
app\index\index\weixinuser@save  /weixin_user/save
app\index\index\weixinuser@status  /weixin_user/status
app\index\index\weixinuser@recommend  /weixin_user/recommend
app\index\index\weixinuser@delete  /weixin_user/delete
app\index\admin\ad@index  /admin/ad/index
app\index\admin\ad@add  /admin/ad/add
app\index\admin\ad@save  /admin/ad/save
app\index\admin\ad@status  /admin/ad/status
app\index\admin\ad@recommend  /admin/ad/recommend
app\index\admin\ad@delete  /admin/ad/delete
app\index\admin\adtags@index  /admin/ad_tags/index
app\index\admin\adtags@add  /admin/ad_tags/add
app\index\admin\adtags@save  /admin/ad_tags/save
app\index\admin\adtags@status  /admin/ad_tags/status
app\index\admin\adtags@recommend  /admin/ad_tags/recommend
app\index\admin\adtags@delete  /admin/ad_tags/delete
app\index\admin\admin@index  /admin/admin/index
app\index\admin\admin@add  /admin/admin/add
app\index\admin\admin@save  /admin/admin/save
app\index\admin\admin@status  /admin/admin/status
app\index\admin\admin@recommend  /admin/admin/recommend
app\index\admin\admin@delete  /admin/admin/delete
app\index\admin\admingroup@index  /admin/admin_group/index
app\index\admin\admingroup@add  /admin/admin_group/add
app\index\admin\admingroup@save  /admin/admin_group/save
app\index\admin\admingroup@status  /admin/admin_group/status
app\index\admin\admingroup@recommend  /admin/admin_group/recommend
app\index\admin\admingroup@delete  /admin/admin_group/delete
app\index\admin\apppush@index  /admin/apppush/index
app\index\admin\apppush@add  /admin/apppush/add
app\index\admin\apppush@save  /admin/apppush/save
app\index\admin\apppush@status  /admin/apppush/status
app\index\admin\apppush@recommend  /admin/apppush/recommend
app\index\admin\apppush@delete  /admin/apppush/delete
app\index\admin\apppushplan@index  /admin/apppush_plan/index
app\index\admin\apppushplan@add  /admin/apppush_plan/add
app\index\admin\apppushplan@save  /admin/apppush_plan/save
app\index\admin\apppushplan@status  /admin/apppush_plan/status
app\index\admin\apppushplan@recommend  /admin/apppush_plan/recommend
app\index\admin\apppushplan@delete  /admin/apppush_plan/delete
app\index\admin\article@index  /admin/article/index
app\index\admin\article@add  /admin/article/add
app\index\admin\article@save  /admin/article/save
app\index\admin\article@status  /admin/article/status
app\index\admin\article@recommend  /admin/article/recommend
app\index\admin\article@delete  /admin/article/delete
app\index\admin\articlecomment@index  /admin/article_comment/index
app\index\admin\articlecomment@add  /admin/article_comment/add
app\index\admin\articlecomment@save  /admin/article_comment/save
app\index\admin\articlecomment@status  /admin/article_comment/status
app\index\admin\articlecomment@recommend  /admin/article_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\articlecomment@delete  /admin/article_comment/delete
app\index\admin\articledata@index  /admin/article_data/index
app\index\admin\articledata@add  /admin/article_data/add
app\index\admin\articledata@save  /admin/article_data/save
app\index\admin\articledata@status  /admin/article_data/status
app\index\admin\articledata@recommend  /admin/article_data/recommend
app\index\admin\articledata@delete  /admin/article_data/delete
app\index\admin\attach@index  /admin/attach/index
app\index\admin\attach@add  /admin/attach/add
app\index\admin\attach@save  /admin/attach/save
app\index\admin\attach@status  /admin/attach/status
app\index\admin\attach@recommend  /admin/attach/recommend
app\index\admin\attach@delete  /admin/attach/delete
app\index\admin\badip@index  /admin/badip/index
app\index\admin\badip@add  /admin/badip/add
app\index\admin\badip@save  /admin/badip/save
app\index\admin\badip@status  /admin/badip/status
app\index\admin\badip@recommend  /admin/badip/recommend
app\index\admin\badip@delete  /admin/badip/delete
app\index\admin\badphone@index  /admin/badphone/index
app\index\admin\badphone@add  /admin/badphone/add
app\index\admin\badphone@save  /admin/badphone/save
app\index\admin\badphone@status  /admin/badphone/status
app\index\admin\badphone@recommend  /admin/badphone/recommend
app\index\admin\badphone@delete  /admin/badphone/delete
app\index\admin\bankcard@index  /admin/bankcard/index
app\index\admin\bankcard@add  /admin/bankcard/add
app\index\admin\bankcard@save  /admin/bankcard/save
app\index\admin\bankcard@status  /admin/bankcard/status
app\index\admin\bankcard@recommend  /admin/bankcard/recommend
app\index\admin\bankcard@delete  /admin/bankcard/delete
app\index\admin\blacklist@index  /admin/blacklist/index
app\index\admin\blacklist@add  /admin/blacklist/add
app\index\admin\blacklist@save  /admin/blacklist/save
app\index\admin\blacklist@status  /admin/blacklist/status
app\index\admin\blacklist@recommend  /admin/blacklist/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklist@delete  /admin/blacklist/delete
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@index  /admin/blacklist_post/index
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@add  /admin/blacklist_post/add
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@save  /admin/blacklist_post/save
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@status  /admin/blacklist_post/status
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@recommend  /admin/blacklist_post/recommend
app\index\admin\blacklistpost@delete  /admin/blacklist_post/delete
app\index\admin\category@index  /admin/category/index
app\index\admin\category@add  /admin/category/add
app\index\admin\category@save  /admin/category/save
app\index\admin\category@status  /admin/category/status
app\index\admin\category@recommend  /admin/category/recommend
app\index\admin\category@delete  /admin/category/delete
app\index\admin\checkin@index  /admin/checkin/index
app\index\admin\checkin@add  /admin/checkin/add
app\index\admin\checkin@save  /admin/checkin/save
app\index\admin\checkin@status  /admin/checkin/status
app\index\admin\checkin@recommend  /admin/checkin/recommend
app\index\admin\checkin@delete  /admin/checkin/delete
app\index\admin\checkinindex@index  /admin/checkin_index/index
app\index\admin\checkinindex@add  /admin/checkin_index/add
app\index\admin\checkinindex@save  /admin/checkin_index/save
app\index\admin\checkinindex@status  /admin/checkin_index/status
app\index\admin\checkinindex@recommend  /admin/checkin_index/recommend
app\index\admin\checkinindex@delete  /admin/checkin_index/delete
app\index\admin\city@index  /admin/city/index
app\index\admin\city@add  /admin/city/add
app\index\admin\city@save  /admin/city/save
app\index\admin\city@status  /admin/city/status
app\index\admin\city@recommend  /admin/city/recommend
app\index\admin\city@delete  /admin/city/delete
app\index\admin\config@index  /admin/config/index
app\index\admin\config@add  /admin/config/add
app\index\admin\config@save  /admin/config/save
app\index\admin\config@status  /admin/config/status
app\index\admin\config@recommend  /admin/config/recommend
app\index\admin\config@delete  /admin/config/delete
app\index\admin\coupon@index  /admin/coupon/index
app\index\admin\coupon@add  /admin/coupon/add
app\index\admin\coupon@save  /admin/coupon/save
app\index\admin\coupon@status  /admin/coupon/status
app\index\admin\coupon@recommend  /admin/coupon/recommend
app\index\admin\coupon@delete  /admin/coupon/delete
app\index\admin\couponuser@index  /admin/coupon_user/index
app\index\admin\couponuser@add  /admin/coupon_user/add
app\index\admin\couponuser@save  /admin/coupon_user/save
app\index\admin\couponuser@status  /admin/coupon_user/status
app\index\admin\couponuser@recommend  /admin/coupon_user/recommend
app\index\admin\couponuser@delete  /admin/coupon_user/delete
app\index\admin\crontab@index  /admin/crontab/index
app\index\admin\crontab@add  /admin/crontab/add
app\index\admin\crontab@save  /admin/crontab/save
app\index\admin\crontab@status  /admin/crontab/status
app\index\admin\crontab@recommend  /admin/crontab/recommend
app\index\admin\crontab@delete  /admin/crontab/delete
app\index\admin\dataapi@index  /admin/dataapi/index
app\index\admin\dataapi@add  /admin/dataapi/add
app\index\admin\dataapi@save  /admin/dataapi/save
app\index\admin\dataapi@status  /admin/dataapi/status
app\index\admin\dataapi@recommend  /admin/dataapi/recommend
app\index\admin\dataapi@delete  /admin/dataapi/delete
app\index\admin\daysn@index  /admin/daysn/index
app\index\admin\daysn@add  /admin/daysn/add
app\index\admin\daysn@save  /admin/daysn/save
app\index\admin\daysn@status  /admin/daysn/status
app\index\admin\daysn@recommend  /admin/daysn/recommend
app\index\admin\daysn@delete  /admin/daysn/delete
app\index\admin\dbcache@index  /admin/dbcache/index
app\index\admin\dbcache@add  /admin/dbcache/add
app\index\admin\dbcache@save  /admin/dbcache/save
app\index\admin\dbcache@status  /admin/dbcache/status
app\index\admin\dbcache@recommend  /admin/dbcache/recommend
app\index\admin\dbcache@delete  /admin/dbcache/delete
app\index\admin\dbsession@index  /admin/dbsession/index
app\index\admin\dbsession@add  /admin/dbsession/add
app\index\admin\dbsession@save  /admin/dbsession/save
app\index\admin\dbsession@status  /admin/dbsession/status
app\index\admin\dbsession@recommend  /admin/dbsession/recommend
app\index\admin\dbsession@delete  /admin/dbsession/delete
app\index\admin\district@index  /admin/district/index
app\index\admin\district@add  /admin/district/add
app\index\admin\district@save  /admin/district/save
app\index\admin\district@status  /admin/district/status
app\index\admin\district@recommend  /admin/district/recommend
app\index\admin\district@delete  /admin/district/delete
app\index\admin\expressfee@index  /admin/express_fee/index
app\index\admin\expressfee@add  /admin/express_fee/add
app\index\admin\expressfee@save  /admin/express_fee/save
app\index\admin\expressfee@status  /admin/express_fee/status
app\index\admin\expressfee@recommend  /admin/express_fee/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfee@delete  /admin/express_fee/delete
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@index  /admin/express_fee_city/index
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@add  /admin/express_fee_city/add
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@save  /admin/express_fee_city/save
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@status  /admin/express_fee_city/status
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@recommend  /admin/express_fee_city/recommend
app\index\admin\expressfeecity@delete  /admin/express_fee_city/delete
app\index\admin\fav@index  /admin/fav/index
app\index\admin\fav@add  /admin/fav/add
app\index\admin\fav@save  /admin/fav/save
app\index\admin\fav@status  /admin/fav/status
app\index\admin\fav@recommend  /admin/fav/recommend
app\index\admin\fav@delete  /admin/fav/delete
app\index\admin\follow@index  /admin/follow/index
app\index\admin\follow@add  /admin/follow/add
app\index\admin\follow@save  /admin/follow/save
app\index\admin\follow@status  /admin/follow/status
app\index\admin\follow@recommend  /admin/follow/recommend
app\index\admin\follow@delete  /admin/follow/delete
app\index\admin\followed@index  /admin/followed/index
app\index\admin\followed@add  /admin/followed/add
app\index\admin\followed@save  /admin/followed/save
app\index\admin\followed@status  /admin/followed/status
app\index\admin\followed@recommend  /admin/followed/recommend
app\index\admin\followed@delete  /admin/followed/delete
app\index\admin\friend@index  /admin/friend/index
app\index\admin\friend@add  /admin/friend/add
app\index\admin\friend@save  /admin/friend/save
app\index\admin\friend@status  /admin/friend/status
app\index\admin\friend@recommend  /admin/friend/recommend
app\index\admin\friend@delete  /admin/friend/delete
app\index\admin\friendapply@index  /admin/friend_apply/index
app\index\admin\friendapply@add  /admin/friend_apply/add
app\index\admin\friendapply@save  /admin/friend_apply/save
app\index\admin\friendapply@status  /admin/friend_apply/status
app\index\admin\friendapply@recommend  /admin/friend_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\friendapply@delete  /admin/friend_apply/delete
app\index\admin\goldlog@index  /admin/gold_log/index
app\index\admin\goldlog@add  /admin/gold_log/add
app\index\admin\goldlog@save  /admin/gold_log/save
app\index\admin\goldlog@status  /admin/gold_log/status
app\index\admin\goldlog@recommend  /admin/gold_log/recommend
app\index\admin\goldlog@delete  /admin/gold_log/delete
app\index\admin\gradelog@index  /admin/grade_log/index
app\index\admin\gradelog@add  /admin/grade_log/add
app\index\admin\gradelog@save  /admin/grade_log/save
app\index\admin\gradelog@status  /admin/grade_log/status
app\index\admin\gradelog@recommend  /admin/grade_log/recommend
app\index\admin\gradelog@delete  /admin/grade_log/delete
app\index\admin\guest@index  /admin/guest/index
app\index\admin\guest@add  /admin/guest/add
app\index\admin\guest@save  /admin/guest/save
app\index\admin\guest@status  /admin/guest/status
app\index\admin\guest@recommend  /admin/guest/recommend
app\index\admin\guest@delete  /admin/guest/delete
app\index\admin\imgs@index  /admin/imgs/index
app\index\admin\imgs@add  /admin/imgs/add
app\index\admin\imgs@save  /admin/imgs/save
app\index\admin\imgs@status  /admin/imgs/status
app\index\admin\imgs@recommend  /admin/imgs/recommend
app\index\admin\imgs@delete  /admin/imgs/delete
app\index\admin\invite@index  /admin/invite/index
app\index\admin\invite@add  /admin/invite/add
app\index\admin\invite@save  /admin/invite/save
app\index\admin\invite@status  /admin/invite/status
app\index\admin\invite@recommend  /admin/invite/recommend
app\index\admin\invite@delete  /admin/invite/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@index  /admin/invite_account/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@add  /admin/invite_account/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@save  /admin/invite_account/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@status  /admin/invite_account/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@recommend  /admin/invite_account/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccount@delete  /admin/invite_account/delete
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@index  /admin/invite_account_log/index
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@add  /admin/invite_account_log/add
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@save  /admin/invite_account_log/save
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@status  /admin/invite_account_log/status
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@recommend  /admin/invite_account_log/recommend
app\index\admin\inviteaccountlog@delete  /admin/invite_account_log/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsg@index  /admin/kefu_msg/index
app\index\admin\kefumsg@add  /admin/kefu_msg/add
app\index\admin\kefumsg@save  /admin/kefu_msg/save
app\index\admin\kefumsg@status  /admin/kefu_msg/status
app\index\admin\kefumsg@recommend  /admin/kefu_msg/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsg@delete  /admin/kefu_msg/delete
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@index  /admin/kefu_msgindex/index
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@add  /admin/kefu_msgindex/add
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@save  /admin/kefu_msgindex/save
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@status  /admin/kefu_msgindex/status
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@recommend  /admin/kefu_msgindex/recommend
app\index\admin\kefumsgindex@delete  /admin/kefu_msgindex/delete
app\index\admin\love@index  /admin/love/index
app\index\admin\love@add  /admin/love/add
app\index\admin\love@save  /admin/love/save
app\index\admin\love@status  /admin/love/status
app\index\admin\love@recommend  /admin/love/recommend
app\index\admin\love@delete  /admin/love/delete
app\index\admin\maxid@index  /admin/maxid/index
app\index\admin\maxid@add  /admin/maxid/add
app\index\admin\maxid@save  /admin/maxid/save
app\index\admin\maxid@status  /admin/maxid/status
app\index\admin\maxid@recommend  /admin/maxid/recommend
app\index\admin\maxid@delete  /admin/maxid/delete
app\index\admin\model@index  /admin/model/index
app\index\admin\model@add  /admin/model/add
app\index\admin\model@save  /admin/model/save
app\index\admin\model@status  /admin/model/status
app\index\admin\model@recommend  /admin/model/recommend
app\index\admin\model@delete  /admin/model/delete
app\index\admin\modelindex@index  /admin/model_index/index
app\index\admin\modelindex@add  /admin/model_index/add
app\index\admin\modelindex@save  /admin/model_index/save
app\index\admin\modelindex@status  /admin/model_index/status
app\index\admin\modelindex@recommend  /admin/model_index/recommend
app\index\admin\modelindex@delete  /admin/model_index/delete
app\index\admin\module@index  /admin/module/index
app\index\admin\module@add  /admin/module/add
app\index\admin\module@save  /admin/module/save
app\index\admin\module@status  /admin/module/status
app\index\admin\module@recommend  /admin/module/recommend
app\index\admin\module@delete  /admin/module/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@index  /admin/navbar/index
app\index\admin\navbar@add  /admin/navbar/add
app\index\admin\navbar@save  /admin/navbar/save
app\index\admin\navbar@status  /admin/navbar/status
app\index\admin\navbar@recommend  /admin/navbar/recommend
app\index\admin\navbar@delete  /admin/navbar/delete
app\index\admin\navbar@get  /admin/navbar/get
app\index\admin\notice@index  /admin/notice/index
app\index\admin\notice@add  /admin/notice/add
app\index\admin\notice@save  /admin/notice/save
app\index\admin\notice@status  /admin/notice/status
app\index\admin\notice@recommend  /admin/notice/recommend
app\index\admin\notice@delete  /admin/notice/delete
app\index\admin\openalioss@index  /admin/open_alioss/index
app\index\admin\openalioss@add  /admin/open_alioss/add
app\index\admin\openalioss@save  /admin/open_alioss/save
app\index\admin\openalioss@status  /admin/open_alioss/status
app\index\admin\openalioss@recommend  /admin/open_alioss/recommend
app\index\admin\openalioss@delete  /admin/open_alioss/delete
app\index\admin\openalipay@index  /admin/open_alipay/index
app\index\admin\openalipay@add  /admin/open_alipay/add
app\index\admin\openalipay@save  /admin/open_alipay/save
app\index\admin\openalipay@status  /admin/open_alipay/status
app\index\admin\openalipay@recommend  /admin/open_alipay/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipay@delete  /admin/open_alipay/delete
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@index  /admin/open_alipay_app/index
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@add  /admin/open_alipay_app/add
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@save  /admin/open_alipay_app/save
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@status  /admin/open_alipay_app/status
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_app/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipayapp@delete  /admin/open_alipay_app/delete
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@index  /admin/open_alipay_mini/index
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@add  /admin/open_alipay_mini/add
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@save  /admin/open_alipay_mini/save
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@status  /admin/open_alipay_mini/status
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@recommend  /admin/open_alipay_mini/recommend
app\index\admin\openalipaymini@delete  /admin/open_alipay_mini/delete
app\index\admin\openbaidu@index  /admin/open_baidu/index
app\index\admin\openbaidu@add  /admin/open_baidu/add
app\index\admin\openbaidu@save  /admin/open_baidu/save
app\index\admin\openbaidu@status  /admin/open_baidu/status
app\index\admin\openbaidu@recommend  /admin/open_baidu/recommend
app\index\admin\openbaidu@delete  /admin/open_baidu/delete
app\index\admin\openqq@index  /admin/open_qq/index
app\index\admin\openqq@add  /admin/open_qq/add
app\index\admin\openqq@save  /admin/open_qq/save
app\index\admin\openqq@status  /admin/open_qq/status
app\index\admin\openqq@recommend  /admin/open_qq/recommend
app\index\admin\openqq@delete  /admin/open_qq/delete
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@index  /admin/open_toutiao/index
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@add  /admin/open_toutiao/add
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@save  /admin/open_toutiao/save
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@status  /admin/open_toutiao/status
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@recommend  /admin/open_toutiao/recommend
app\index\admin\opentoutiao@delete  /admin/open_toutiao/delete
app\index\admin\openwxapp@index  /admin/open_wxapp/index
app\index\admin\openwxapp@add  /admin/open_wxapp/add
app\index\admin\openwxapp@save  /admin/open_wxapp/save
app\index\admin\openwxapp@status  /admin/open_wxapp/status
app\index\admin\openwxapp@recommend  /admin/open_wxapp/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxapp@delete  /admin/open_wxapp/delete
app\index\admin\openwxnative@index  /admin/open_wxnative/index
app\index\admin\openwxnative@add  /admin/open_wxnative/add
app\index\admin\openwxnative@save  /admin/open_wxnative/save
app\index\admin\openwxnative@status  /admin/open_wxnative/status
app\index\admin\openwxnative@recommend  /admin/open_wxnative/recommend
app\index\admin\openwxnative@delete  /admin/open_wxnative/delete
app\index\admin\openlogin@index  /admin/openlogin/index
app\index\admin\openlogin@add  /admin/openlogin/add
app\index\admin\openlogin@save  /admin/openlogin/save
app\index\admin\openlogin@status  /admin/openlogin/status
app\index\admin\openlogin@recommend  /admin/openlogin/recommend
app\index\admin\openlogin@delete  /admin/openlogin/delete
app\index\admin\pagetpl@index  /admin/pagetpl/index
app\index\admin\pagetpl@add  /admin/pagetpl/add
app\index\admin\pagetpl@save  /admin/pagetpl/save
app\index\admin\pagetpl@status  /admin/pagetpl/status
app\index\admin\pagetpl@recommend  /admin/pagetpl/recommend
app\index\admin\pagetpl@delete  /admin/pagetpl/delete
app\index\admin\paylog@index  /admin/pay_log/index
app\index\admin\paylog@add  /admin/pay_log/add
app\index\admin\paylog@save  /admin/pay_log/save
app\index\admin\paylog@status  /admin/pay_log/status
app\index\admin\paylog@recommend  /admin/pay_log/recommend
app\index\admin\paylog@delete  /admin/pay_log/delete
app\index\admin\permission@index  /admin/permission/index
app\index\admin\permission@add  /admin/permission/add
app\index\admin\permission@save  /admin/permission/save
app\index\admin\permission@status  /admin/permission/status
app\index\admin\permission@recommend  /admin/permission/recommend
app\index\admin\permission@delete  /admin/permission/delete
app\index\admin\pm@index  /admin/pm/index
app\index\admin\pm@add  /admin/pm/add
app\index\admin\pm@save  /admin/pm/save
app\index\admin\pm@status  /admin/pm/status
app\index\admin\pm@recommend  /admin/pm/recommend
app\index\admin\pm@delete  /admin/pm/delete
app\index\admin\pmindex@index  /admin/pm_index/index
app\index\admin\pmindex@add  /admin/pm_index/add
app\index\admin\pmindex@save  /admin/pm_index/save
app\index\admin\pmindex@status  /admin/pm_index/status
app\index\admin\pmindex@recommend  /admin/pm_index/recommend
app\index\admin\pmindex@delete  /admin/pm_index/delete
app\index\admin\pv@index  /admin/pv/index
app\index\admin\pv@add  /admin/pv/add
app\index\admin\pv@save  /admin/pv/save
app\index\admin\pv@status  /admin/pv/status
app\index\admin\pv@recommend  /admin/pv/recommend
app\index\admin\pv@delete  /admin/pv/delete
app\index\admin\pvday@index  /admin/pv_day/index
app\index\admin\pvday@add  /admin/pv_day/add
app\index\admin\pvday@save  /admin/pv_day/save
app\index\admin\pvday@status  /admin/pv_day/status
app\index\admin\pvday@recommend  /admin/pv_day/recommend
app\index\admin\pvday@delete  /admin/pv_day/delete
app\index\admin\pvip@index  /admin/pv_ip/index
app\index\admin\pvip@add  /admin/pv_ip/add
app\index\admin\pvip@save  /admin/pv_ip/save
app\index\admin\pvip@status  /admin/pv_ip/status
app\index\admin\pvip@recommend  /admin/pv_ip/recommend
app\index\admin\pvip@delete  /admin/pv_ip/delete
app\index\admin\pvuv@index  /admin/pv_uv/index
app\index\admin\pvuv@add  /admin/pv_uv/add
app\index\admin\pvuv@save  /admin/pv_uv/save
app\index\admin\pvuv@status  /admin/pv_uv/status
app\index\admin\pvuv@recommend  /admin/pv_uv/recommend
app\index\admin\pvuv@delete  /admin/pv_uv/delete
app\index\admin\queue@index  /admin/queue/index
app\index\admin\queue@add  /admin/queue/add
app\index\admin\queue@save  /admin/queue/save
app\index\admin\queue@status  /admin/queue/status
app\index\admin\queue@recommend  /admin/queue/recommend
app\index\admin\queue@delete  /admin/queue/delete
app\index\admin\recharge@index  /admin/recharge/index
app\index\admin\recharge@add  /admin/recharge/add
app\index\admin\recharge@save  /admin/recharge/save
app\index\admin\recharge@status  /admin/recharge/status
app\index\admin\recharge@recommend  /admin/recharge/recommend
app\index\admin\recharge@delete  /admin/recharge/delete
app\index\admin\refund@index  /admin/refund/index
app\index\admin\refund@add  /admin/refund/add
app\index\admin\refund@save  /admin/refund/save
app\index\admin\refund@status  /admin/refund/status
app\index\admin\refund@recommend  /admin/refund/recommend
app\index\admin\refund@delete  /admin/refund/delete
app\index\admin\refundapply@index  /admin/refund_apply/index
app\index\admin\refundapply@add  /admin/refund_apply/add
app\index\admin\refundapply@save  /admin/refund_apply/save
app\index\admin\refundapply@status  /admin/refund_apply/status
app\index\admin\refundapply@recommend  /admin/refund_apply/recommend
app\index\admin\refundapply@delete  /admin/refund_apply/delete
app\index\admin\seo@index  /admin/seo/index
app\index\admin\seo@add  /admin/seo/add
app\index\admin\seo@save  /admin/seo/save
app\index\admin\seo@status  /admin/seo/status
app\index\admin\seo@recommend  /admin/seo/recommend
app\index\admin\seo@delete  /admin/seo/delete
app\index\admin\sgpay@index  /admin/sgpay/index
app\index\admin\sgpay@add  /admin/sgpay/add
app\index\admin\sgpay@save  /admin/sgpay/save
app\index\admin\sgpay@status  /admin/sgpay/status
app\index\admin\sgpay@recommend  /admin/sgpay/recommend
app\index\admin\sgpay@delete  /admin/sgpay/delete
app\index\admin\site@index  /admin/site/index
app\index\admin\site@add  /admin/site/add
app\index\admin\site@save  /admin/site/save
app\index\admin\site@status  /admin/site/status
app\index\admin\site@recommend  /admin/site/recommend
app\index\admin\site@delete  /admin/site/delete
app\index\admin\sitecity@index  /admin/site_city/index
app\index\admin\sitecity@add  /admin/site_city/add
app\index\admin\sitecity@save  /admin/site_city/save
app\index\admin\sitecity@status  /admin/site_city/status
app\index\admin\sitecity@recommend  /admin/site_city/recommend
app\index\admin\sitecity@delete  /admin/site_city/delete
app\index\admin\smslog@index  /admin/sms_log/index
app\index\admin\smslog@add  /admin/sms_log/add
app\index\admin\smslog@save  /admin/sms_log/save
app\index\admin\smslog@status  /admin/sms_log/status
app\index\admin\smslog@recommend  /admin/sms_log/recommend
app\index\admin\smslog@delete  /admin/sms_log/delete
app\index\admin\table@index  /admin/table/index
app\index\admin\table@add  /admin/table/add
app\index\admin\table@save  /admin/table/save
app\index\admin\table@status  /admin/table/status
app\index\admin\table@recommend  /admin/table/recommend
app\index\admin\table@delete  /admin/table/delete
app\index\admin\tabledata@index  /admin/table_data/index
app\index\admin\tabledata@add  /admin/table_data/add
app\index\admin\tabledata@save  /admin/table_data/save
app\index\admin\tabledata@status  /admin/table_data/status
app\index\admin\tabledata@recommend  /admin/table_data/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledata@delete  /admin/table_data/delete
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@index  /admin/table_data_comment/index
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@add  /admin/table_data_comment/add
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@save  /admin/table_data_comment/save
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@status  /admin/table_data_comment/status
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@recommend  /admin/table_data_comment/recommend
app\index\admin\tabledatacomment@delete  /admin/table_data_comment/delete
app\index\admin\tablefields@index  /admin/table_fields/index
app\index\admin\tablefields@add  /admin/table_fields/add
app\index\admin\tablefields@save  /admin/table_fields/save
app\index\admin\tablefields@status  /admin/table_fields/status
app\index\admin\tablefields@recommend  /admin/table_fields/recommend
app\index\admin\tablefields@delete  /admin/table_fields/delete
app\index\admin\tixian@index  /admin/tixian/index
app\index\admin\tixian@add  /admin/tixian/add
app\index\admin\tixian@save  /admin/tixian/save
app\index\admin\tixian@status  /admin/tixian/status
app\index\admin\tixian@recommend  /admin/tixian/recommend
app\index\admin\tixian@delete  /admin/tixian/delete
app\index\admin\tixianlog@index  /admin/tixian_log/index
app\index\admin\tixianlog@add  /admin/tixian_log/add
app\index\admin\tixianlog@save  /admin/tixian_log/save
app\index\admin\tixianlog@status  /admin/tixian_log/status
app\index\admin\tixianlog@recommend  /admin/tixian_log/recommend
app\index\admin\tixianlog@delete  /admin/tixian_log/delete
app\index\admin\user@index  /admin/user/index
app\index\admin\user@add  /admin/user/add
app\index\admin\user@save  /admin/user/save
app\index\admin\user@status  /admin/user/status
app\index\admin\user@recommend  /admin/user/recommend
app\index\admin\user@delete  /admin/user/delete
app\index\admin\useraddress@index  /admin/user_address/index
app\index\admin\useraddress@add  /admin/user_address/add
app\index\admin\useraddress@save  /admin/user_address/save
app\index\admin\useraddress@status  /admin/user_address/status
app\index\admin\useraddress@recommend  /admin/user_address/recommend
app\index\admin\useraddress@delete  /admin/user_address/delete
app\index\admin\userauth@index  /admin/user_auth/index
app\index\admin\userauth@add  /admin/user_auth/add
app\index\admin\userauth@save  /admin/user_auth/save
app\index\admin\userauth@status  /admin/user_auth/status
app\index\admin\userauth@recommend  /admin/user_auth/recommend
app\index\admin\userauth@delete  /admin/user_auth/delete
app\index\admin\userauthnew@index  /admin/user_auth_new/index
app\index\admin\userauthnew@add  /admin/user_auth_new/add
app\index\admin\userauthnew@save  /admin/user_auth_new/save
app\index\admin\userauthnew@status  /admin/user_auth_new/status
app\index\admin\userauthnew@recommend  /admin/user_auth_new/recommend
app\index\admin\userauthnew@delete  /admin/user_auth_new/delete
app\index\admin\userblack@index  /admin/user_black/index
app\index\admin\userblack@add  /admin/user_black/add
app\index\admin\userblack@save  /admin/user_black/save
app\index\admin\userblack@status  /admin/user_black/status
app\index\admin\userblack@recommend  /admin/user_black/recommend
app\index\admin\userblack@delete  /admin/user_black/delete
app\index\admin\userexpand@index  /admin/user_expand/index
app\index\admin\userexpand@add  /admin/user_expand/add
app\index\admin\userexpand@save  /admin/user_expand/save
app\index\admin\userexpand@status  /admin/user_expand/status
app\index\admin\userexpand@recommend  /admin/user_expand/recommend
app\index\admin\userexpand@delete  /admin/user_expand/delete
app\index\admin\usergroup@index  /admin/user_group/index
app\index\admin\usergroup@add  /admin/user_group/add
app\index\admin\usergroup@save  /admin/user_group/save
app\index\admin\usergroup@status  /admin/user_group/status
app\index\admin\usergroup@recommend  /admin/user_group/recommend
app\index\admin\usergroup@delete  /admin/user_group/delete
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@index  /admin/user_group_people/index
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@add  /admin/user_group_people/add
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@save  /admin/user_group_people/save
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@status  /admin/user_group_people/status
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@recommend  /admin/user_group_people/recommend
app\index\admin\usergrouppeople@delete  /admin/user_group_people/delete
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@index  /admin/user_invitecode/index
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@add  /admin/user_invitecode/add
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@save  /admin/user_invitecode/save
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@status  /admin/user_invitecode/status
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@recommend  /admin/user_invitecode/recommend
app\index\admin\userinvitecode@delete  /admin/user_invitecode/delete
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@index  /admin/user_lastaddr/index
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@add  /admin/user_lastaddr/add
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@save  /admin/user_lastaddr/save
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@status  /admin/user_lastaddr/status
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@recommend  /admin/user_lastaddr/recommend
app\index\admin\userlastaddr@delete  /admin/user_lastaddr/delete
app\index\admin\userpassword@index  /admin/user_password/index
app\index\admin\userpassword@add  /admin/user_password/add
app\index\admin\userpassword@save  /admin/user_password/save
app\index\admin\userpassword@status  /admin/user_password/status
app\index\admin\userpassword@recommend  /admin/user_password/recommend
app\index\admin\userpassword@delete  /admin/user_password/delete
app\index\admin\userrank@index  /admin/user_rank/index
app\index\admin\userrank@add  /admin/user_rank/add
app\index\admin\userrank@save  /admin/user_rank/save
app\index\admin\userrank@status  /admin/user_rank/status
app\index\admin\userrank@recommend  /admin/user_rank/recommend
app\index\admin\userrank@delete  /admin/user_rank/delete
app\index\admin\uservip@index  /admin/user_vip/index
app\index\admin\uservip@add  /admin/user_vip/add
app\index\admin\uservip@save  /admin/user_vip/save
app\index\admin\uservip@status  /admin/user_vip/status
app\index\admin\uservip@recommend  /admin/user_vip/recommend
app\index\admin\uservip@delete  /admin/user_vip/delete
app\index\admin\weixin@index  /admin/weixin/index
app\index\admin\weixin@add  /admin/weixin/add
app\index\admin\weixin@save  /admin/weixin/save
app\index\admin\weixin@status  /admin/weixin/status
app\index\admin\weixin@recommend  /admin/weixin/recommend
app\index\admin\weixin@delete  /admin/weixin/delete
app\index\admin\weixincommand@index  /admin/weixin_command/index
app\index\admin\weixincommand@add  /admin/weixin_command/add
app\index\admin\weixincommand@save  /admin/weixin_command/save
app\index\admin\weixincommand@status  /admin/weixin_command/status
app\index\admin\weixincommand@recommend  /admin/weixin_command/recommend
app\index\admin\weixincommand@delete  /admin/weixin_command/delete
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@index  /admin/weixin_menu/index
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@add  /admin/weixin_menu/add
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@save  /admin/weixin_menu/save
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@status  /admin/weixin_menu/status
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@recommend  /admin/weixin_menu/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinmenu@delete  /admin/weixin_menu/delete
app\index\admin\weixinreply@index  /admin/weixin_reply/index
app\index\admin\weixinreply@add  /admin/weixin_reply/add
app\index\admin\weixinreply@save  /admin/weixin_reply/save
app\index\admin\weixinreply@status  /admin/weixin_reply/status
app\index\admin\weixinreply@recommend  /admin/weixin_reply/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinreply@delete  /admin/weixin_reply/delete
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@index  /admin/weixin_sucai/index
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@add  /admin/weixin_sucai/add
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@save  /admin/weixin_sucai/save
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@status  /admin/weixin_sucai/status
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@recommend  /admin/weixin_sucai/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinsucai@delete  /admin/weixin_sucai/delete
app\index\admin\weixinuser@index  /admin/weixin_user/index
app\index\admin\weixinuser@add  /admin/weixin_user/add
app\index\admin\weixinuser@save  /admin/weixin_user/save
app\index\admin\weixinuser@status  /admin/weixin_user/status
app\index\admin\weixinuser@recommend  /admin/weixin_user/recommend
app\index\admin\weixinuser@delete  /admin/weixin_user/delete
app\forum\index\forum@index  /forum/index
app\forum\index\forum@add  /forum/add
app\forum\index\forum@save  /forum/save
app\forum\index\forum@status  /forum/status
app\forum\index\forum@recommend  /forum/recommend
app\forum\index\forum@delete  /forum/delete
app\forum\index\forumcategory@index  /forum_category/index
app\forum\index\forumcategory@add  /forum_category/add
app\forum\index\forumcategory@save  /forum_category/save
app\forum\index\forumcategory@status  /forum_category/status
app\forum\index\forumcategory@recommend  /forum_category/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcategory@delete  /forum_category/delete
app\forum\index\forumcomment@index  /forum_comment/index
app\forum\index\forumcomment@add  /forum_comment/add
app\forum\index\forumcomment@save  /forum_comment/save
app\forum\index\forumcomment@status  /forum_comment/status
app\forum\index\forumcomment@recommend  /forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\index\forumcomment@delete  /forum_comment/delete
app\forum\index\forumdata@index  /forum_data/index
app\forum\index\forumdata@add  /forum_data/add
app\forum\index\forumdata@save  /forum_data/save
app\forum\index\forumdata@status  /forum_data/status
app\forum\index\forumdata@recommend  /forum_data/recommend
app\forum\index\forumdata@delete  /forum_data/delete
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@index  /forum_feeds/index
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@add  /forum_feeds/add
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@save  /forum_feeds/save
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@status  /forum_feeds/status
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@recommend  /forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\index\forumfeeds@delete  /forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroup@index  /forum_group/index
app\forum\index\forumgroup@add  /forum_group/add
app\forum\index\forumgroup@save  /forum_group/save
app\forum\index\forumgroup@status  /forum_group/status
app\forum\index\forumgroup@recommend  /forum_group/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroup@delete  /forum_group/delete
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@index  /forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@add  /forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@save  /forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@status  /forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\index\forumgroupadmin@delete  /forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\index\forumimg@index  /forum_img/index
app\forum\index\forumimg@add  /forum_img/add
app\forum\index\forumimg@save  /forum_img/save
app\forum\index\forumimg@status  /forum_img/status
app\forum\index\forumimg@recommend  /forum_img/recommend
app\forum\index\forumimg@delete  /forum_img/delete
app\forum\index\forumtags@index  /forum_tags/index
app\forum\index\forumtags@add  /forum_tags/add
app\forum\index\forumtags@save  /forum_tags/save
app\forum\index\forumtags@status  /forum_tags/status
app\forum\index\forumtags@recommend  /forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtags@delete  /forum_tags/delete
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@index  /forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@add  /forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@save  /forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@status  /forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@recommend  /forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\index\forumtagsindex@delete  /forum_tags_index/delete
app\forum\admin\forum@index  /admin/forum/index
app\forum\admin\forum@add  /admin/forum/add
app\forum\admin\forum@save  /admin/forum/save
app\forum\admin\forum@status  /admin/forum/status
app\forum\admin\forum@recommend  /admin/forum/recommend
app\forum\admin\forum@delete  /admin/forum/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@index  /admin/forum_category/index
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@add  /admin/forum_category/add
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@save  /admin/forum_category/save
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@status  /admin/forum_category/status
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@recommend  /admin/forum_category/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcategory@delete  /admin/forum_category/delete
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@index  /admin/forum_comment/index
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@add  /admin/forum_comment/add
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@save  /admin/forum_comment/save
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@status  /admin/forum_comment/status
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@recommend  /admin/forum_comment/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumcomment@delete  /admin/forum_comment/delete
app\forum\admin\forumdata@index  /admin/forum_data/index
app\forum\admin\forumdata@add  /admin/forum_data/add
app\forum\admin\forumdata@save  /admin/forum_data/save
app\forum\admin\forumdata@status  /admin/forum_data/status
app\forum\admin\forumdata@recommend  /admin/forum_data/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumdata@delete  /admin/forum_data/delete
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@index  /admin/forum_feeds/index
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@add  /admin/forum_feeds/add
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@save  /admin/forum_feeds/save
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@status  /admin/forum_feeds/status
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@recommend  /admin/forum_feeds/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumfeeds@delete  /admin/forum_feeds/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@index  /admin/forum_group/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@add  /admin/forum_group/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@save  /admin/forum_group/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@status  /admin/forum_group/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@recommend  /admin/forum_group/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroup@delete  /admin/forum_group/delete
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@index  /admin/forum_group_admin/index
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@add  /admin/forum_group_admin/add
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@save  /admin/forum_group_admin/save
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@status  /admin/forum_group_admin/status
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@recommend  /admin/forum_group_admin/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumgroupadmin@delete  /admin/forum_group_admin/delete
app\forum\admin\forumimg@index  /admin/forum_img/index
app\forum\admin\forumimg@add  /admin/forum_img/add
app\forum\admin\forumimg@save  /admin/forum_img/save
app\forum\admin\forumimg@status  /admin/forum_img/status
app\forum\admin\forumimg@recommend  /admin/forum_img/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumimg@delete  /admin/forum_img/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtags@index  /admin/forum_tags/index
app\forum\admin\forumtags@add  /admin/forum_tags/add
app\forum\admin\forumtags@save  /admin/forum_tags/save
app\forum\admin\forumtags@status  /admin/forum_tags/status
app\forum\admin\forumtags@recommend  /admin/forum_tags/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtags@delete  /admin/forum_tags/delete
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@index  /admin/forum_tags_index/index
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@add  /admin/forum_tags_index/add
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@save  /admin/forum_tags_index/save
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@status  /admin/forum_tags_index/status
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@recommend  /admin/forum_tags_index/recommend
app\forum\admin\forumtagsindex@delete  /admin/forum_tags_index/delete
